Readme.md, before:

# README.md Generator

## Description

Creating a proper readme file is a tedious but important exercise. This application makes the process a little less painful by walking you though the process of generating a professional quality README.md file. You are guided through entering a Description, Installation and Usage instructions, as well as Testing and Contribution information.   You will additonally select a license from which essential copyright lanquage is generated along with a link to your chosen license.  A license badge will be placed at the top of the readme file. Finally, Credits and Questions sections will be added with your GitHub and e-mail information.  

## Table of Contents (Optional)

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

This is a node.js application.  So you need to have node.js installed on your systems   You can install node.js from the [NodeJS Website](https://nodejs.org/en/).  Follow the instruction for the installer for your system.

This application may be downloaded from this GitHub repository: https://github.com/melliott7264/readme-generator.   Copy the contents of the repository to your system.   In the folder where you installed index.js and the .json files, run "npm install".  It should install inquirer for you creating the node_modules folder with all the dependencies.   At this point everything should be installed to execute the application.



## Usage

After all the prerequisites have been installed above, type "node index" on the command line to run the program.  Make sure you are in the directory where the index.js file is located.  Follow all the prompts to provide all the information requested.  At the end,  a README.md file will be created in the ./dist folder.

Note: There is a large .mov file embedded below using HTML5 that walks through the entire readme creation process using this app.  You will have to download the entire repository to view it on your local system.  This file is too big for GitHub to play it.  


<video width="800" src = "./ScreenRecording.mov" controls></video>

## Credits

Mark Elliott  https://github.com/melliott7264


## License

Copyright (c) 2022 Mark Elliott

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---

Commit message:

had to add the Table of Contents header in the app and redo the video

Readme.md, after:

# README.md Generator

## Description

Creating a proper readme file is a tedious but important exercise. This application makes the process a little less painful by walking you though the process of generating a professional quality README.md file. You are guided through entering a Description, Installation and Usage instructions, as well as Testing and Contribution information.   You will additonally select a license from which essential copyright lanquage is generated along with a link to your chosen license.  A license badge will be placed at the top of the readme file. Finally, Credits and Questions sections will be added with your GitHub and e-mail information.  

## Table of Contents 

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

This is a node.js application.  So you need to have node.js installed on your systems   You can install node.js from the [NodeJS Website](https://nodejs.org/en/).  Follow the instruction for the installer for your system.

This application may be downloaded from this GitHub repository: https://github.com/melliott7264/readme-generator.   Copy the contents of the repository to your system.   In the folder where you installed index.js and the .json files, run "npm install".  It should install inquirer for you creating the node_modules folder with all the dependencies.   At this point everything should be installed to execute the application.



## Usage

After all the prerequisites have been installed above, type "node index" on the command line to run the program.  Make sure you are in the directory where the index.js file is located.  Follow all the prompts to provide all the information requested.  At the end,  a README.md file will be created in the ./dist folder.   

A video demostration of the application is given below.  Note:  This is a large file and may not be visable from within GitHub.

<video width="800" src="./readmeScreencast.mp4" type="video/mp4" controls></video>

## Credits

Mark Elliott  https://github.com/melliott7264


## License

Copyright (c) 2022 Mark Elliott

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

---
