dist/README.md, before:



![README Generator](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=MIT&color='success')
     
![README Generator](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/melliott7264/readme-generator)
  
# README Generator

## Description

This app creates a professional readme.md file.


* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [License](#license)


## Installation

Install node.js.  Copy the files to a local folder.  Run npm install to install all dependencies including inquirer.


## Usage

Type node index from the command line in the folder where you copied the files.  Answer all the questions on the screen.  A README.md file will be created in the ./dist folder at the end.


## Credits

Mark Elliott (https://github.com/melliott7264) created this application.

      
## License

Copyright &copy; 2022  Mark Elliott  under the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) 


## Contributing

None at this time.


## Tests

None at this time.   Either an readme.md file is created or it isn't.  The content should be exactly as typed.


## Questions

If you have questions about this application or the creator, you can get more information at the following GitHub links:

Creator GitHub Link:  https://github.com/melliott7264

Application GitHub Repository:  https://github.com/melliott7264/readme-generator

If you have more questions, you can e-mail Mark Elliott at markelliottva@gmail.com.

Commit message:

had to add the Table of Contents header in the app and redo the video

dist/README.md, after:



![README Generator](https://img.shields.io/static/v1?label=license&message=MIT&color='success')
     
![README Generator](https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/melliott7264/readme-generator)
  
# README Generator

## Description

This application generates a professional README.md file from user input on the command line.

## Table of Contents

* [Installation](#installation)
* [Usage](#usage)
* [Credits](#credits)
* [License](#license)


## Installation

Node.js must be installed on the local system.  Must copy all the files form the repository to a local directory.  Run npm install in that directory to install all the dependencies.


## Usage

Run the application by typing "node index" on the command line and pressing the Enter key.  Answer all the prompts and a readme.md file is created at the end in the ./dist folder.


## Credits

Mark Elliott (https://github.com/melliott7264) created this application.

      
## License

Copyright &copy; 2022  Mark Elliott  under the [MIT License](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) 


## Contributing

None at this time.


## Tests

None at this time.


## Questions

If you have questions about this application or the creator, you can get more information at the following GitHub links:

Creator GitHub Link:  https://github.com/melliott7264

Application GitHub Repository:  https://github.com/melliott7264/readme-generator

If you have more questions, you can e-mail Mark Elliott at markelliottva@gmail.com.
